examples/complete/simple/README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

Below you will find some information on how to perform common tasks.  
You can find the most recent version of this guide [here](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md).

## Folder Structure

After creation, your project should look like this:

```
my-app/
  README.md
  index.html
  favicon.ico
  node_modules/
  package.json
  src/
    App.css
    App.js
    App.test.js
    index.css
    index.js
    logo.svg
```

For the project to build, **these files must exist with exact filenames**:

* `index.html` is the page template;
* `favicon.ico` is the icon you see in the browser tab;
* `src/index.js` is the JavaScript entry point.

You can delete or rename the other files.

You may create subdirectories inside `src`. For faster rebuilds, only files inside `src` are processed by Webpack.  
You need to **put any JS and CSS files inside `src`**, or Webpack won’t see them.

You can, however, create more top-level directories.  
They will not be included in the production build so you can use them for things like documentation.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.  
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!


### Integrating Auth

Checkout [the auth recipes](../../../docs/recipes/auth.md) for some simple examples of how to integrate auth.

**Warning**: You need to handle the loading state of auth! The recipes go over this, [but as mentioned in this issue here](https://github.com/prescottprue/react-redux-firebase/issues/93), it can seem unclear initially.

Commit message:

chore(examples): add emulator support to simple example

examples/complete/simple/README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

Below you will find some information on how to perform common tasks.  
You can find the most recent version of this guide [here](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md).

## Folder Structure

After creation, your project should look like this:

```
my-app/
  README.md
  index.html
  favicon.ico
  node_modules/
  package.json
  src/
    App.css
    App.js
    App.test.js
    index.css
    index.js
    logo.svg
```

For the project to build, **these files must exist with exact filenames**:

* `index.html` is the page template;
* `favicon.ico` is the icon you see in the browser tab;
* `src/index.js` is the JavaScript entry point.

You can delete or rename the other files.

You may create subdirectories inside `src`. For faster rebuilds, only files inside `src` are processed by Webpack.  
You need to **put any JS and CSS files inside `src`**, or Webpack won’t see them.

You can, however, create more top-level directories.  
They will not be included in the production build so you can use them for things like documentation.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.  
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Emulator

The database emulators provided by Firebase allow you to run the full application on a database the is emulated locally. This means that the data will be cleared each time you start the emulator. To use the emulator run the following:

1. Start the emulators: `yarn emulate`
1. Start the app: `yarn dev`

## Integrating Auth

Checkout [the auth recipes](../../../docs/recipes/auth.md) for some simple examples of how to integrate auth.

**Warning**: You need to handle the loading state of auth! The recipes go over this, [but as mentioned in this issue here](https://github.com/prescottprue/react-redux-firebase/issues/93), it can seem unclear initially.
