docs/recipes/profile.md, before:

# Profile

Profile object is used to store data associated with a user. Using profile is in no way required, and will only be enabled if the `userProfile` config option is provided.

## Basic

It is common to store the list of user profiles under a collection called "users" or "profiles". For this example we will use "users".

Include the `userProfile` parameter in config when setting up store enhancer:

```js
const config = {
  userProfile: 'users', // where profiles are stored in database
}
```

### Using useSelector Hook

Then later `connect` (from [react-redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux/blob/master/docs/api.md)) to redux state with:

```js
import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'

function SomeComponent() {
  const profile = useSelector(state => state.firebase.profile)
  return <div>{JSON.stringify(profile, null, 2)}</div>
}

function SomeComponent() {
  const profile = useSelector(({ firebase: { profile } }) => profile)
  return <div>{JSON.stringify(profile, null, 2)}</div>
}
```

### Using connect HOC

Then later `connect` (from [react-redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux/blob/master/docs/api.md)) to redux state with:

```js
import { connect } from 'react-redux'

// grab profile from redux with connect
connect(
  (state) => {
    return {
      profile: state.firebase.profile // profile passed as props.profile
    }
  }
)(SomeComponent) // pass component to be wrapped

// or with some shorthand:
connect(({ firebase: { profile } }) => ({ profile }))(SomeComponent)
```

## Update Profile

The current users profile can be updated by using the `updateProfile` method:

```js
import React from 'react'
import PropTypes from 'prop-types'
import { compose } from 'redux'
import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
import { useFirebase, isLoaded } from 'react-redux-firebase'

export default function UpdateProfilePage() {
  const firebase = useFirebase()
  const profile = useSelector(state => state.firebase.profile)

  function updateUserProfile() {
    return firebase.updateProfile({ role: 'admin' })
  }

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>Update User Profile</h2>
      <span>
        Click the button to update profile to include role parameter
      </span>
      <button onClick={updateUserProfile}>
        Add Role To User
      </button>
      <div>
        {
          isLoaded(profile)
            ? JSON.stringify(profile, null, 2)
            : 'Loading...'
        }
      </div>
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Change How Profiles Are Stored

The way user profiles are written to the database can be modified by passing the `profileFactory` parameter .

```js
// within your createStore.js or store.js file include the following config
const config = {
  userProfile: 'users', // where profiles are stored in database
  profileFactory: (userData, profileData, firebase) => { // how profiles are stored in database
    const { user } = userData
    return {
      email: user.email
    }
  }
}
```

## List Online Users

To list online users and/or track sessions, view the [presence recipe](/docs/recipes/auth.md#presence)

## Populate Parameters
If profile object contains an key or a list of keys as parameters, you can populate those parameters with the matching value from another location on firebase.

#### List

`profile.contacts` contains a list of user UIDs that should be populated from the users list like so:

```js
{
  displayName: 'Rick Sanchez',
  email: 'rick@rickandmorty.com',
  contacts: [
    'QvXyh688YNV29QuhCTXeOXnHt282',
    'T8Wh9CMHIxT1f9mA5oEETNrOOlt1'
  ]
}
```

Setting config like this:

```js
const config = {
  userProfile: 'users', // where profiles are stored in database
  profileParamsToPopulate: [
    'contacts:users'
  ]
}
```

Results in profile with populated contacts parameter:

```js
{
  displayName: 'Rick Sanchez',
  email: 'rick@sanchez.com',
  contacts: [
    {
      email: 'morty@ohboyrick.com',
      displayName: 'Morty Smith'
    },
     {
      email: 'bird@person.com',
      displayName: 'Bird Person'
    }
  ]
}
```

Commit message:

v3.1.1 (#856)
* feat(types): add firestore `collectionGroup` type - #855 - @rscotten
* chore(docs): add note about `useFirestoreForProfile` within profile recipes - #849

Co-authored-by: Richard Scotten <rscotten@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/recipes/profile.md, after:

# Profile

Profile object is used to store data associated with a user. Using profile is in no way required, and will only be enabled if the `userProfile` config option is provided.

## Basic

It is common to store the list of user profiles under a collection called "users" or "profiles". For this example we will use "users".

Include the `userProfile` parameter in config passed to react-redux-firebase:

```js
const config = {
  userProfile: 'users', // where profiles are stored in database
}
```

### Get Profile From State

#### Using useSelector Hook

Then later `connect` (from [react-redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux/blob/master/docs/api.md)) to redux state with:

```js
import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'

function SomeComponent() {
  const profile = useSelector(state => state.firebase.profile)
  return <div>{JSON.stringify(profile, null, 2)}</div>
}

function SomeComponent() {
  const profile = useSelector(({ firebase: { profile } }) => profile)
  return <div>{JSON.stringify(profile, null, 2)}</div>
}
```

#### Using connect HOC

Then later `connect` (from [react-redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux/blob/master/docs/api.md)) to redux state with:

```js
import { connect } from 'react-redux'

// grab profile from redux with connect
connect(
  (state) => {
    return {
      profile: state.firebase.profile // profile passed as props.profile
    }
  }
)(SomeComponent) // pass component to be wrapped

// or with some shorthand:
connect(({ firebase: { profile } }) => ({ profile }))(SomeComponent)
```

## Profile in Firestore

To use Firestore for storing profile data instead of Real Time Database, the basic example can be followed exactly with the following config.

```js
const config = {
  userProfile: 'users', // where profiles are stored in database
  useFirestoreForProfile: true // use Firestore for profile instead of RTDB
}
```

## Update Profile

The current users profile can be updated by using the `updateProfile` method:

```js
import React from 'react'
import PropTypes from 'prop-types'
import { compose } from 'redux'
import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
import { useFirebase, isLoaded } from 'react-redux-firebase'

export default function UpdateProfilePage() {
  const firebase = useFirebase()
  const profile = useSelector(state => state.firebase.profile)

  function updateUserProfile() {
    return firebase.updateProfile({ role: 'admin' })
  }

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>Update User Profile</h2>
      <span>
        Click the button to update profile to include role parameter
      </span>
      <button onClick={updateUserProfile}>
        Add Role To User
      </button>
      <div>
        {
          isLoaded(profile)
            ? JSON.stringify(profile, null, 2)
            : 'Loading...'
        }
      </div>
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Change How Profiles Are Stored

The way user profiles are written to the database can be modified by passing the `profileFactory` parameter .

```js
// within your createStore.js or store.js file include the following config
const config = {
  userProfile: 'users', // where profiles are stored in database
  profileFactory: (userData, profileData, firebase) => { // how profiles are stored in database
    const { user } = userData
    return {
      email: user.email
    }
  }
}
```

This also works with profiles stored on Firestore if using the `useFirestoreForProfile` option

## List Online Users

To list online users and/or track sessions, view the [presence recipe](/docs/recipes/auth.md#presence)

## Populate Parameters

If profile object contains an key or a list of keys as parameters, you can populate those parameters with the matching value from another location on firebase.

#### List

`profile.contacts` contains a list of user UIDs that should be populated from the users list like so:

```js
{
  displayName: 'Rick Sanchez',
  email: 'rick@rickandmorty.com',
  contacts: [
    'QvXyh688YNV29QuhCTXeOXnHt282',
    'T8Wh9CMHIxT1f9mA5oEETNrOOlt1'
  ]
}
```

Setting config like this:

```js
const config = {
  userProfile: 'users', // where profiles are stored in database
  profileParamsToPopulate: [
    'contacts:users'
  ]
}
```

Results in profile with populated contacts parameter:

```js
{
  displayName: 'Rick Sanchez',
  email: 'rick@sanchez.com',
  contacts: [
    {
      email: 'morty@ohboyrick.com',
      displayName: 'Morty Smith'
    },
     {
      email: 'bird@person.com',
      displayName: 'Bird Person'
    }
  ]
}
```
