docs/api/compose.md, before:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [reactReduxFirebase](#reactreduxfirebase)

## reactReduxFirebase

Middleware that handles configuration (placed in redux's
`compose` call)

**Parameters**

-   `fbConfig`  
-   `otherConfig`  

**Properties**

-   `fbConfig` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** Object containing Firebase config including
    databaseURL
    -   `fbConfig.apiKey` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Firebase apiKey
    -   `fbConfig.authDomain` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Firebase auth domain
    -   `fbConfig.databaseURL` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Firebase database url
    -   `fbConfig.storageBucket` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Firebase storage bucket
-   `config` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** Containing react-redux-firebase specific config
    such as userProfile
    -   `config.userProfile` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Location on firebase to store user
        profiles
    -   `config.enableLogging` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to enable Firebase
        database logging
    -   `config.updateProfileOnLogin` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to update
        profile when logging in. (default: `false`)
    -   `config.enableRedirectHandling` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to enable
        auth redirect handling listener. (default: `true`)
    -   `config.onAuthStateChanged` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** Function run when auth state
        changes. Argument Pattern: `(authData, firebase, dispatch)`
    -   `config.onRedirectResult` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** Function run when redirect
        result is returned. Argument Pattern: `(authData, firebase, dispatch)`
    -   `config.customAuthParameters` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** Object for setting which
        customAuthParameters are passed to external auth providers.
    -   `config.profileFactory` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** Factory for modifying how user profile is saved.
    -   `config.fileMetadataFactory` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** Factory for modifying
        how file meta data is written during file uploads
    -   `config.profileParamsToPopulate` **([Array](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array) \| [String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String))** Parameters within
        profile object to populate
    -   `config.autoPopulateProfile` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to
        automatically populate profile with data loaded through
        profileParamsToPopulate config. (default: `true`)
    -   `config.setProfilePopulateResults` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to
        call SET actions for data that results from populating profile to redux under
        the data path. For example role parameter on profile populated from 'roles'
        root. True will call SET_PROFILE as well as a SET action with the role that
        is loaded (places it in data/roles). (default: `false`)

**Examples**

_Setup_

```javascript
import { createStore, compose } from 'redux'
import { reactReduxFirebase } from 'react-redux-firebase'

// React Redux Firebase Config
const config = {
  userProfile: 'users', // saves user profiles to '/users' on Firebase
  // here is where you place other config options
}

// Add react-redux-firebase to compose
// Note: In full projects this will often be within createStore.js or store.js
const createStoreWithFirebase = compose(
 reactReduxFirebase(fbConfig, config),
)(createStore)

// Use Function later to create store
const store = createStoreWithFirebase(rootReducer, initialState)
```

_Custom Auth Parameters_

```javascript
// Follow Setup example with the following config:
const config = {
  customAuthParameters: {
     google: {
       // prompts user to select account on every google login
       prompt: 'select_account'
     }
  }
}
```

Returns **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** That accepts a component and returns a Component which
wraps the provided component (higher order component).

Commit message:

v1.4.7 (#258)
* Firebase Messaging service exposed (`firebase.messaging()`)
* `resetBeforeLogin` config option added (defaults to `true` to keep current behavior) - #254

docs/api/compose.md, after:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [reactReduxFirebase](#reactreduxfirebase)

## reactReduxFirebase

Middleware that handles configuration (placed in redux's
`compose` call)

**Parameters**

-   `fbConfig`  
-   `otherConfig`  

**Properties**

-   `fbConfig` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** Object containing Firebase config including
    databaseURL
    -   `fbConfig.apiKey` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Firebase apiKey
    -   `fbConfig.authDomain` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Firebase auth domain
    -   `fbConfig.databaseURL` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Firebase database url
    -   `fbConfig.storageBucket` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Firebase storage bucket
-   `config` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** Containing react-redux-firebase specific config
    such as userProfile
    -   `config.userProfile` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** Location on firebase to store user
        profiles
    -   `config.enableLogging` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to enable Firebase
        database logging
    -   `config.updateProfileOnLogin` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to update
        profile when logging in. (default: `false`)
    -   `config.resetBeforeLogin` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to empty profile
        and auth state on login
    -   `config.enableRedirectHandling` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to enable
        auth redirect handling listener. (default: `true`)
    -   `config.onAuthStateChanged` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** Function run when auth state
        changes. Argument Pattern: `(authData, firebase, dispatch)`
    -   `config.onRedirectResult` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** Function run when redirect
        result is returned. Argument Pattern: `(authData, firebase, dispatch)`
    -   `config.customAuthParameters` **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** Object for setting which
        customAuthParameters are passed to external auth providers.
    -   `config.profileFactory` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** Factory for modifying how user profile is saved.
    -   `config.fileMetadataFactory` **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** Factory for modifying
        how file meta data is written during file uploads
    -   `config.profileParamsToPopulate` **([Array](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array) \| [String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String))** Parameters within
        profile object to populate
    -   `config.autoPopulateProfile` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to
        automatically populate profile with data loaded through
        profileParamsToPopulate config. (default: `true`)
    -   `config.setProfilePopulateResults` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** Whether or not to
        call SET actions for data that results from populating profile to redux under
        the data path. For example role parameter on profile populated from 'roles'
        root. True will call SET_PROFILE as well as a SET action with the role that
        is loaded (places it in data/roles). (default: `false`)

**Examples**

_Setup_

```javascript
import { createStore, compose } from 'redux'
import { reactReduxFirebase } from 'react-redux-firebase'

// React Redux Firebase Config
const config = {
  userProfile: 'users', // saves user profiles to '/users' on Firebase
  // here is where you place other config options
}

// Add react-redux-firebase to compose
// Note: In full projects this will often be within createStore.js or store.js
const createStoreWithFirebase = compose(
 reactReduxFirebase(fbConfig, config),
)(createStore)

// Use Function later to create store
const store = createStoreWithFirebase(rootReducer, initialState)
```

_Custom Auth Parameters_

```javascript
// Follow Setup example with the following config:
const config = {
  customAuthParameters: {
     google: {
       // prompts user to select account on every google login
       prompt: 'select_account'
     }
  }
}
```

Returns **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** That accepts a component and returns a Component which
wraps the provided component (higher order component).
