docs/api/constants.md, before:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [actionsPrefix](#actionsprefix)
-   [actionTypes](#actiontypes)
-   [defaultConfig](#defaultconfig)

## actionsPrefix

Prefix for all actions within library

Type: [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)

**Examples**

```javascript
import { constants } from 'react-redux-firebase'
constants.actionsPrefix === '@@reactReduxFirebase' // true
```

## actionTypes

Object containing all action types

**Properties**

-   `START` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/START`
-   `SET` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/SET`
-   `SET_PROFILE` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/SET_PROFILE`
-   `LOGIN` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/LOGIN`
-   `LOGOUT` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/LOGOUT`
-   `LOGIN_ERROR` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/LOGIN_ERROR`
-   `NO_VALUE` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/NO_VALUE`
-   `UNAUTHORIZED_ERROR` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/UNAUTHORIZED_ERROR`
-   `UNSET_LISTENER` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/UNSET_LISTENER`
-   `AUTHENTICATION_INIT_STARTED` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/AUTHENTICATION_INIT_STARTED`
-   `AUTHENTICATION_INIT_FINISHED` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/AUTHENTICATION_INIT_FINISHED`
-   `FILE_UPLOAD_START` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_UPLOAD_START`
-   `FILE_UPLOAD_ERROR` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_UPLOAD_ERROR`
-   `FILE_UPLOAD_PROGRESS` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_UPLOAD_PROGRESS`
-   `FILE_UPLOAD_COMPLETE` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_UPLOAD_COMPLETE`
-   `FILE_DELETE_START` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_DELETE_START`
-   `FILE_DELETE_ERROR` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_DELETE_ERROR`
-   `FILE_DELETE_COMPLETE` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_DELETE_COMPLETE`

**Examples**

```javascript
import { actionTypes } from 'react-redux-firebase'
actionTypes.SET === '@@reactReduxFirebase/SET' // true
```

## defaultConfig

Default configuration options

**Properties**

-   `userProfile` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `null` Location on Firebase where user
    profiles are stored. Often set to `'users'`.
-   `enableLogging` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `false` Whether or not firebase
    database logging is enabled.
-   `updateProfileOnLogin` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `true` Whether or not to update
    user profile when logging in.
-   `enableRedirectHandling` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `true` Whether or not to enable
    redirect handling. This must be disabled if environment is not http/https
    such as with react-native.
-   `autoPopulateProfile` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `true` Whether or not to
    automatically populate profile with data loaded through
    profileParamsToPopulate config.
-   `setProfilePopulateResults` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `true` Whether or not to
    call SET actions for data that results from populating profile to redux under
    the data path. For example role parameter on profile populated from 'roles'
    root. True will call SET_PROFILE as well as a SET action with the role that
    is loaded (places it in data/roles).
-   `distpatchOnUnsetListener` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `false` Whether or not to
    dispatch UNSET_LISTENER when disabling listeners for a specific path. USE WITH CAUTION
    Setting this to true allows an action to be called that removes data
    from redux (which might not always be expected).

Commit message:

v1.4.7 (#258)
* Firebase Messaging service exposed (`firebase.messaging()`)
* `resetBeforeLogin` config option added (defaults to `true` to keep current behavior) - #254

docs/api/constants.md, after:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [actionsPrefix](#actionsprefix)
-   [actionTypes](#actiontypes)
-   [defaultConfig](#defaultconfig)

## actionsPrefix

Prefix for all actions within library

Type: [string](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)

**Examples**

```javascript
import { constants } from 'react-redux-firebase'
constants.actionsPrefix === '@@reactReduxFirebase' // true
```

## actionTypes

Object containing all action types

**Properties**

-   `START` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/START`
-   `SET` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/SET`
-   `SET_PROFILE` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/SET_PROFILE`
-   `LOGIN` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/LOGIN`
-   `LOGOUT` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/LOGOUT`
-   `LOGIN_ERROR` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/LOGIN_ERROR`
-   `NO_VALUE` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/NO_VALUE`
-   `UNAUTHORIZED_ERROR` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/UNAUTHORIZED_ERROR`
-   `ERROR` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/ERROR`
-   `UNSET_LISTENER` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/UNSET_LISTENER`
-   `AUTHENTICATION_INIT_STARTED` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/AUTHENTICATION_INIT_STARTED`
-   `AUTHENTICATION_INIT_FINISHED` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/AUTHENTICATION_INIT_FINISHED`
-   `FILE_UPLOAD_START` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_UPLOAD_START`
-   `FILE_UPLOAD_ERROR` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_UPLOAD_ERROR`
-   `FILE_UPLOAD_PROGRESS` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_UPLOAD_PROGRESS`
-   `FILE_UPLOAD_COMPLETE` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_UPLOAD_COMPLETE`
-   `FILE_DELETE_START` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_DELETE_START`
-   `FILE_DELETE_ERROR` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_DELETE_ERROR`
-   `FILE_DELETE_COMPLETE` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `@@reactReduxFirebase/FILE_DELETE_COMPLETE`

**Examples**

```javascript
import { actionTypes } from 'react-redux-firebase'
actionTypes.SET === '@@reactReduxFirebase/SET' // true
```

## defaultConfig

Default configuration options

**Properties**

-   `userProfile` **[String](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** `null` Location on Firebase where user
    profiles are stored. Often set to `'users'`.
-   `enableLogging` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `false` Whether or not firebase
    database logging is enabled.
-   `updateProfileOnLogin` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `true` Whether or not to update
    user profile when logging in.
-   `resetBeforeLogin` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `true` Whether or not to reset auth
    and profile when logging in (see issue #254 for more details).
-   `enableRedirectHandling` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `true` Whether or not to enable
    redirect handling. This must be disabled if environment is not http/https
    such as with react-native.
-   `autoPopulateProfile` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `true` Whether or not to
    automatically populate profile with data loaded through
    profileParamsToPopulate config.
-   `setProfilePopulateResults` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `true` Whether or not to
    call SET actions for data that results from populating profile to redux under
    the data path. For example role parameter on profile populated from 'roles'
    root. True will call SET_PROFILE as well as a SET action with the role that
    is loaded (places it in data/roles).
-   `distpatchOnUnsetListener` **[Boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** `false` Whether or not to
    dispatch UNSET_LISTENER when disabling listeners for a specific path. USE WITH CAUTION
    Setting this to true allows an action to be called that removes data
    from redux (which might not always be expected).
