docs/api/firebaseConnect.md, before:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [firebaseConnect][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Examples][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]

## firebaseConnect

-   **See: [http://react-redux-firebase.com/api/firebaseConnect.html][5]**

### Parameters

-   `queriesConfig` **([Array][6] \| [Function][7])** Array of objects or strings for paths to sync
    from Firebase. Can also be a function that returns the array. The function
    is passed the current props and the firebase object. (optional, default `[]`)

### Examples

_Basic_

```javascript
// props.firebase set on App component as firebase object with helpers
import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
export default firebaseConnect()(App)
```

_Ordered Data_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { compose } from 'redux'
import { connect } from 'react-redux'
import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

const enhance = compose(
  firebaseConnect([
    'todos' // sync /todos from firebase into redux
  ]),
  connect((state) => ({
    todos: state.firebase.ordered.todos
  }))
)

function Todos({ todos }) {
  return (
    <div>
      {JSON.stringify(todos, null, 2)}
    </div>
  )
}

export default enhance(Todos)
```

_Data that depends on props_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { compose } from 'redux'
import { connect } from 'react-redux'
import { get } from 'lodash'
import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

const enhance = compose(
  firebaseConnect((props) => ([
    `posts/${props.postId}` // sync /posts/postId from firebase into redux
  ])),
  connect((state, props) => ({
    post: get(state.firebase.data, `posts.${props.postId}`),
  }))
)

function Post({ post }) {
  return (
    <div>
     {JSON.stringify(post, null, 2)}
    </div>
  )
}

export default enhance(Post)
```

Returns **[Function][7]** that accepts a component to wrap and returns the wrapped component

## 

Render component wrapped in context

### Parameters

-   `props` **[object][8]** Component props

Returns **React.Component** Component wrapped in context

[1]: #firebaseconnect

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: http://react-redux-firebase.com/api/firebaseConnect.html

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

Commit message:

v3.0.2
* fix(types): update `see` paths that are not valid and add missing
* fix(docs): update `see` paths that are not valid
* fix(docs): remove see parameter from generated api docs
* fix(docs): update `book.json` to have v3.0.0 selected

docs/api/firebaseConnect.md, after:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [firebaseConnect][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Examples][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]

## firebaseConnect

**Extends React.Component**


React Higher Order Component that automatically listens/unListens to
Firebase Real Time Database on mount/unmount of the component. This uses
React's Component Lifecycle hooks.

### Parameters

-   `queriesConfig` **([Array][6] \| [Function][7])** Array of objects or strings for paths to sync
    from Firebase. Can also be a function that returns the array. The function
    is passed the current props and the firebase object. (optional, default `[]`)

### Examples

_Basic_

```javascript
// props.firebase set on App component as firebase object with helpers
import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
export default firebaseConnect()(App)
```

_Ordered Data_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { compose } from 'redux'
import { connect } from 'react-redux'
import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

const enhance = compose(
  firebaseConnect([
    'todos' // sync /todos from firebase into redux
  ]),
  connect((state) => ({
    todos: state.firebase.ordered.todos
  }))
)

function Todos({ todos }) {
  return (
    <div>
      {JSON.stringify(todos, null, 2)}
    </div>
  )
}

export default enhance(Todos)
```

_Data that depends on props_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { compose } from 'redux'
import { connect } from 'react-redux'
import { get } from 'lodash'
import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

const enhance = compose(
  firebaseConnect((props) => ([
    `posts/${props.postId}` // sync /posts/postId from firebase into redux
  ])),
  connect((state, props) => ({
    post: get(state.firebase.data, `posts.${props.postId}`),
  }))
)

function Post({ post }) {
  return (
    <div>
     {JSON.stringify(post, null, 2)}
    </div>
  )
}

export default enhance(Post)
```

Returns **[Function][7]** that accepts a component to wrap and returns the wrapped component

## 

Render component wrapped in context

### Parameters

-   `props` **[object][8]** Component props

Returns **React.Component** Component wrapped in context

[1]: #firebaseconnect

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseConnect.html

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
