docs/api/useFirestoreConnect.md, before:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [useFirestoreConnect][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Examples][3]

## useFirestoreConnect


React hook that automatically listens/unListens
to provided Cloud Firestore paths. Make sure you have required/imported
Cloud Firestore, including it's reducer, before attempting to use.
**Note** Populate is not yet supported.

### Parameters

-   `queriesConfigs` **([object][5] \| [string][6] \| [Array][7] \| [Function][8])** An object, string,
    or array of object or string for paths to sync from firestore. Can also be
    a function that returns the object, string, or array of object or string.

### Examples

_Basic_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
import { useFirestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

export default function TodosList() {
  useFirestoreConnect('todos') // sync todos collection from Firestore into redux
  const todos = useSelector(state => state.firestore.data.todos)
  return (
    <ul>
      {todos &&
        todos.map((todo) => (
          <li>id: {todo.id} todo: {todo.description}</li>
        ))}
   </ul>
  )
}
```

_Object as query_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
import { useFirestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

export default function TodoItem({ todoId }) {
  useFirestoreConnect([{
    collection: 'todos',
    doc: todoId
  }])
  const todo = useSelector(
    ({ firestore: { data } }) => data.todos && data.todos[todoId]
  )

  return <div>{JSON.stringify(todo)}</div>
}
```

[1]: #usefirestoreconnect

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/useFirestoreConnect.html

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

Commit message:

v3.5.1 (#951)
* fix(types): fix file blob type for uploadFile and uploadFiles (#950) - @rscotten
* chore(docs): cleanup minor typo in useFirestoreConnect.md (#949) - @gregfenton
* chore(tests): fix typo "merge" to "merges" in reducer test file (#948) - @yukimurasawa
* chore(docs): remove note about populate not being supported in firestore (#915)
* chore(examples): clarify explanation in `watchEvent` example snippet (#910)
* chore(docs): add correct syntax highlighting to example in firestore.md
* chore(build): improve lint command
* chore(build): only require jsdoc comments in source

Co-authored-by: Richard Scotten <rscotten@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: gregfenton <greg.fenton@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: yukimurasawa <yuki.murasawa0826@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: yukimurasawa <yuki.murasawa.0826@gmail.com>

docs/api/useFirestoreConnect.md, after:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

- [useFirestoreConnect][1]
  - [Parameters][2]
  - [Examples][3]

## useFirestoreConnect

React hook that automatically listens/unListens
to provided Cloud Firestore paths. Make sure you have required/imported
Cloud Firestore, including it's reducer, before attempting to use.
Populate is supported for Firestore as of v0.6.0 of redux-firestore (added
[as part of issue #48][5]).

### Parameters

- `queriesConfigs` **([object][6] \| [string][7] \| [Array][8] \| [Function][9])** An object, string,
  or array of object or string for paths to sync from firestore. Can also be
  a function that returns the object, string, or array of object or string.

### Examples

_Basic_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
import { useFirestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

export default function TodosList() {
  useFirestoreConnect(['todos']) // sync todos collection from Firestore into redux
  const todos = useSelector((state) => state.firestore.data.todos)
  return (
    <ul>
      {todos &&
        todos.map((todo) => (
          <li>
            id: {todo.id} todo: {todo.description}
          </li>
        ))}
    </ul>
  )
}
```

_Object as query_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
import { useFirestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

export default function TodoItem({ todoId }) {
  useFirestoreConnect([
    {
      collection: 'todos',
      doc: todoId
    }
  ])
  const todo = useSelector(
    ({ firestore: { data } }) => data.todos && data.todos[todoId]
  )

  return <div>{JSON.stringify(todo)}</div>
}
```

[1]: #usefirestoreconnect
[2]: #parameters
[3]: #examples
[4]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/useFirestoreConnect.html
[5]: https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore/issues/48
[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
