docs/api/withFirebase.md, before:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [withFirebase](#withfirebase)

## withFirebase

**Extends React.Component**

Higher Order Component that provides `firebase` and
`dispatch` as a props to React Components. Firebase is gathered from
`store.firebase`, which is attached to store by the store enhancer
(`reactReduxFirebase`) during setup.
**NOTE**: This version of the Firebase library has extra methods, config,
and functionality which give it it's capabilities such as dispatching
actions.

**Examples**

_Basic_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { withFirebase } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function AddTodo({ firebase: { push } }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={() => push('todos', { done: false, text: 'Sample' })}>
        Add Sample Todo
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

export default withFirebase(AddTodo)
```

_Within HOC Composition_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { compose } from 'redux' // can also come from recompose
import { withHandlers } from 'recompose'
import { withFirebase } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function AddTodo({ addTodo }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={addTodo}>
        Add Sample Todo
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

const enhance = compose(
  withFirebase,
  withHandlers({
    addTodo: props => () =>
       props.firestore.add(
         { collection: 'todos' },
         { done: false, text: 'Sample' }
       )
  })
)

export default enhance(AddTodo)
```

Returns **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** Which accepts a component to wrap and returns the
wrapped component

Commit message:

feat(core): add eslint-plugin-json and update jsdoc comments
* fix(core): use import * in place of index for actions
* feat(ci): add node 12 to travis build versions

docs/api/withFirebase.md, after:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [withFirebase](#withfirebase)
-   [WithFirebase](#withfirebase-1)

## withFirebase

**Parameters**

-   `WrappedComponent` **React.Component** React component to wrap

**Examples**

_Basic_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { withFirebase } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function AddTodo({ firebase: { push } }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={() => push('todos', { done: false, text: 'Sample' })}>
        Add Sample Todo
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

export default withFirebase(AddTodo)
```

_Within HOC Composition_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { compose } from 'redux' // can also come from recompose
import { withHandlers } from 'recompose'
import { withFirebase } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function AddTodo({ addTodo }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={addTodo}>
        Add Sample Todo
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

const enhance = compose(
  withFirebase,
  withHandlers({
    addTodo: props => () =>
       props.firestore.add(
         { collection: 'todos' },
         { done: false, text: 'Sample' }
       )
  })
)

export default enhance(AddTodo)
```

Returns **[Function](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** Which accepts a component to wrap and returns the
wrapped component

## WithFirebase

WithFirebase wrapper component

**Parameters**

-   `props` **[object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** Component props

Returns **React.Component** WrappedComponent wrapped with firebase context
