docs/api/withFirestore.md, before:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [withFirestore][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Examples][3]
-   [WithFirestore][4]
    -   [Parameters][5]

## withFirestore

-   **See: [http://react-redux-firebase.com/api/withFirestore.html][6]**

### Parameters

-   `WrappedComponent` **React.Component** React component to wrap

### Examples

_Basic_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { withFirestore } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function AddTodo({ firestore: { add } }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={() => add('todos', { done: false, text: 'Sample' })}>
        Add Sample Todo
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

export default withFirestore(AddTodo)
```

_Within HOC Composition_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { compose } from 'redux' // can also come from recompose
import { withHandlers } from 'recompose'
import { withFirestore } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function AddTodo({ addTodo }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={addTodo}>
        Add Sample Todo
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

const enhance = compose(
  withFirestore,
  withHandlers({
    addTodo: props => () => {
      const newTodo = { done: false, text: 'Sample' }
      return props.firestore.add({ collection: 'todos' }, newTodo)
    }
  })
)

export default enhance(AddTodo)
```

Returns **[Function][7]** Which accepts a component to wrap and returns the
wrapped component

## WithFirestore

WithFirebase wrapper component

### Parameters

-   `props` **[object][8]** Component props

Returns **React.Component** WrappedComponent wrapped with firebase context

[1]: #withfirestore

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: #withfirestore-1

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: http://react-redux-firebase.com/api/withFirestore.html

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

Commit message:

v3.0.2
* fix(types): update `see` paths that are not valid and add missing
* fix(docs): update `see` paths that are not valid
* fix(docs): remove see parameter from generated api docs
* fix(docs): update `book.json` to have v3.0.0 selected

docs/api/withFirestore.md, after:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [withFirestore][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Examples][3]
-   [WithFirestore][4]
    -   [Parameters][5]

## withFirestore

**Extends React.Component**


Higher Order Component that attaches `firestore`, `firebase`
and `dispatch` as props to React Components. Firebase instance is gathered
from `store.firestore`, which is attached to store by the store enhancer
(`reduxFirestore`) during setup of
[`redux-firestore`][7]

### Parameters

-   `WrappedComponent` **React.Component** React component to wrap

### Examples

_Basic_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { withFirestore } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function AddTodo({ firestore: { add } }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={() => add('todos', { done: false, text: 'Sample' })}>
        Add Sample Todo
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

export default withFirestore(AddTodo)
```

_Within HOC Composition_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import { compose } from 'redux' // can also come from recompose
import { withHandlers } from 'recompose'
import { withFirestore } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function AddTodo({ addTodo }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={addTodo}>
        Add Sample Todo
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}

const enhance = compose(
  withFirestore,
  withHandlers({
    addTodo: props => () => {
      const newTodo = { done: false, text: 'Sample' }
      return props.firestore.add({ collection: 'todos' }, newTodo)
    }
  })
)

export default enhance(AddTodo)
```

Returns **[Function][8]** Which accepts a component to wrap and returns the
wrapped component

## WithFirestore

WithFirebase wrapper component

### Parameters

-   `props` **[object][9]** Component props

Returns **React.Component** WrappedComponent wrapped with firebase context

[1]: #withfirestore

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: #withfirestore-1

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/withFirestore.html

[7]: https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
