docs/FAQ.md, before:

## FAQ

1. How is this different than [`redux-react-firebase`](https://github.com/tiberiuc/redux-react-firebase)?

    This library was actually originally forked from redux-react-firebase, but adds extended functionality such as:
    * [populate functionality](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/populate) (similar to mongoose's `populate` or SQL's `JOIN`)
    * `react-native` support ([web/js](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/recipes/react-native.html) or native modules through [`react-native-firebase`](http://docs.react-redux-firebase.com/history/v2.0.0/docs/recipes/react-native.html#native-modules))
    * tons of [integrations](#integrations)
    * [`profileFactory`](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/config) - change format of profile stored on Firebase
    * [`getFirebase`](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/thunks) - access to firebase instance that fires actions when methods are called
    * [access to firebase's `storage`](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/storage) and `messaging` services
    * `uniqueSet` method helper for only setting if location doesn't already exist
    * Object or String notation for paths (`[{ path: '/todos' }]` equivalent to `['/todos']`)
    * Action Types and other Constants are exposed for external usage (such as with `redux-observable`)
    * Server Side Rendering Support
    * [Complete Firebase Auth Integration](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/auth.html#examples) including `signInWithRedirect` compatibility for OAuth Providers

    #### Well why not combine?
    I have been talking to the author of [redux-react-firebase](https://github.com/tiberiuc/redux-react-firebase) about combining, but we are not sure that the users of both want that at this point. Join us on the [redux-firebase gitter](https://gitter.im/redux-firebase/Lobby) if you haven't already since a ton of this type of discussion goes on there.

    #### What about [redux-firebase](https://github.com/colbyr/redux-firebase)?
    The author of [redux-firebase](https://github.com/colbyr/redux-firebase) has agreed to share the npm namespace! Currently the plan is to take the framework agnostic redux core logic of `react-redux-firebase` and [place it into `redux-firebase`](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firebase)). Eventually `react-redux-firebase` and potentially other framework libraries can depend on that core (the new `redux-firebase`).

2. Why use redux if I have Firebase to store state?

    This isn't a super quick answer, so I wrote up [a medium article to explain](https://medium.com/@prescottprue/firebase-with-redux-82d04f8675b9)

3. Where can I find some examples?

    * [Recipes Section](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/recipes/) of [the docs](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/recipes/)
    * [examples folder](/examples) contains [complete example apps](/examples/complete) as well as [useful snippets](/examples/snippets)

4. How does `connect` relate to `firebaseConnect`?

    ![data flow](/docs/static/dataFlow.png)

5. How do I help?

  * Join the conversion on [gitter][gitter-url]
  * Post Issues
  * Create Pull Requests

Commit message:

v2.0.0-rc.2 (#364)
* fix(firestore): profile update with firestore - #360 - @barnomics
* fix(auth): `loginWithCustomToken` supports passing `profile` parameter - #359
* feat(auth): error messages for not logged using same wording for all methods (i.e. “User must be logged in”)
* feat(docs): `loginWithCustomToken` section updated with note about how `profile` is required in certain cases - #359
* feat(docs): roadmap updated to include option for re-rendering HOCs based on auth state change - #367
* feat(docs): link added to sidebar for each of the separate reducers
* feat(docs): note added to FAQ about why `yarn.lock` file is not included
* fix(test): extended timeout added to unit tests for `login` to prevent fail on slow connections
* feat(docs): note added to reducer docs about how it is multiple slice reducers combined with `combineReducers`
* feat(test): unit tests added for auth/query actions not previously covered (`updateEmail`, `updateAuth`, `orderedFromSnapshot`, etc)
* fix(test): tests simplified by moving reused functions to test utils
* fix(test): remove lint warning caused by `mocha.opts` being ignored
* update(deps): `prop-types` dependency updated from `v15.5.*` to v15.6.*`
* update(deps): tons of dev dependencies updated including `babel-cli`, `babel-core`, `eslint`,  `sinon`, `mocha`, `jsdom`

##### Note

`v2.0.0` syntax is now considered stable 🍾 (multiple production applications have switched from `v1.5.*` to `v2.*.*` following [the migration guide](docs.react-redux-firebase.com/history/v2.0.0/docs/v2-migration-guide.html), and test coverage is better than for `v1.5.*`). Merge conflicts with `master` have also been resolved. All of this means this release will be the final RC released on `next` before moving [`v2.0.0`](https://github.com/prescottprue/react-redux-firebase/tree/v2.0.0) to the `latest` tag on npm (the `latest` tag release will include merging to `master`).

docs/FAQ.md, after:

## FAQ

1. How is this different than [`redux-react-firebase`](https://github.com/tiberiuc/redux-react-firebase)?

    This library was actually originally forked from redux-react-firebase, but adds extended functionality such as:
    * [populate functionality](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/populate) (similar to mongoose's `populate` or SQL's `JOIN`)
    * `react-native` support ([web/js](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/recipes/react-native.html) or native modules through [`react-native-firebase`](http://docs.react-redux-firebase.com/history/v2.0.0/docs/recipes/react-native.html#native-modules))
    * tons of [integrations](#integrations)
    * [`profileFactory`](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/config) - change format of profile stored on Firebase
    * [`getFirebase`](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/thunks) - access to firebase instance that fires actions when methods are called
    * [access to firebase's `storage`](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/storage) and `messaging` services
    * `uniqueSet` method helper for only setting if location doesn't already exist
    * Object or String notation for paths (`[{ path: '/todos' }]` equivalent to `['/todos']`)
    * Action Types and other Constants are exposed for external usage (such as with `redux-observable`)
    * Server Side Rendering Support
    * [Complete Firebase Auth Integration](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/auth.html#examples) including `signInWithRedirect` compatibility for OAuth Providers

    #### Well why not combine?
    I have been talking to the author of [redux-react-firebase](https://github.com/tiberiuc/redux-react-firebase) about combining, but we are not sure that the users of both want that at this point. Join us on the [redux-firebase gitter][gitter-url] if you haven't already since a ton of this type of discussion goes on there.

    #### What about [redux-firebase](https://github.com/colbyr/redux-firebase)?
    The author of [redux-firebase](https://github.com/colbyr/redux-firebase) has agreed to share the npm namespace! Currently the plan is to take the framework agnostic redux core logic of `react-redux-firebase` and [place it into `redux-firebase`](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firebase)). Eventually `react-redux-firebase` and potentially other framework libraries can depend on that core (the new `redux-firebase`).

2. Why use redux if I have Firebase to store state?

    This isn't a super quick answer, so I wrote up [a medium article to explain](https://medium.com/@prescottprue/firebase-with-redux-82d04f8675b9)

3. Where can I find some examples?

    * [Recipes Section](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/recipes/) of [the docs](http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/recipes/)
    * [examples folder](/examples) contains [complete example apps](/examples/complete) as well as [useful snippets](/examples/snippets)

4. How does `connect` relate to `firebaseConnect`?

    ![data flow](/docs/static/dataFlow.png)

5. Where is the `yarn.lock` file?

  There isn't one, there is just a `package-lock.json`. `npm v5.x.x` adds support for a `package-lock.json` file which serves a similar purpose to a `yarn.lock` file. Instead of managing multiple lock files, the single `package-lock.json` contains exact version information for dependencies.

6. How do I help?

  * Join the conversion on [gitter][gitter-url]
  * Post Issues
  * Create Pull Requests

[gitter-url]: gitter.im/redux-firebase/Lobby
