docs/firestore.md, before:

# Firestore

The Firestore integration is built on [`redux-firestore`](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore). Auth, Storage, and RTDB interactions still occur within `react-redux-firebase`, while `redux-firestore` handles attaching listeners and updating state for Firestore.

To begin using Firestore with `react-redux-firebase`, make sure you have the following:

- `v2.0.0` or higher of `react-redux-firebase`
- Install `redux-firestore` in your project using `npm i --save redux-firestore@latest`
- `firestore` imported with `import 'firebase/firestore'`
- `firestore` initialize with `firebase.firestore()`
- `ReactReduxFirebaseProvider` or `ReduxFirestoreProvider` used to make instance available to HOCs
- `firestoreReducer` added to your reducers

Should look something similar to:

```js
import React from 'react'
import { render } from 'react-dom'
import { Provider } from 'react-redux'
import firebase from 'firebase/app'
import 'firebase/auth'
import 'firebase/firestore' // <- needed if using firestore
import { createStore, combineReducers, compose } from 'redux'
import {
  ReactReduxFirebaseProvider,
  firebaseReducer
} from 'react-redux-firebase'
import { createFirestoreInstance, firestoreReducer } from 'redux-firestore' // <- needed if using firestore

const firebaseConfig = {}

// react-redux-firebase config
const rrfConfig = {
  userProfile: 'users'
  // useFirestoreForProfile: true // Firestore for Profile instead of Realtime DB
}

// Initialize firebase instance
firebase.initializeApp(firebaseConfig)

// Initialize other services on firebase instance
firebase.firestore() // <- needed if using firestore

// Add firebase to reducers
const rootReducer = combineReducers({
  firebase: firebaseReducer,
  firestore: firestoreReducer // <- needed if using firestore
})

// Create store with reducers and initial state
const initialState = {}
const store = createStore(rootReducer, initialState)

const rrfProps = {
  firebase,
  config: rrfConfig,
  dispatch: store.dispatch,
  createFirestoreInstance // <- needed if using firestore
}

// Setup react-redux so that connect HOC can be used
function App() {
  return (
    <Provider store={store}>
      <ReactReduxFirebaseProvider {...rrfProps}>
        <Todos />
      </ReactReduxFirebaseProvider>
    </Provider>
  )
}

render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'))
```

## Profile

If you would like to have your users profiles go to Firestore instead of Real Time Database, you can enable the
`useFirestoreForProfile` option when making store creator like so:

```js
// react-redux-firebase config
const rrfConfig = {
  userProfile: 'users',
  useFirestoreForProfile: true // Firestore for Profile instead of Realtime DB
}
```

## Queries

Firestore queries can be created in the following ways:

1. [Automatically with Hook](#useFirestoreConnect) - Using `useFirestoreConnect` hook (manages mounting/unmounting)
1. [Automatically with HOC](#firestoreConnect) - Using `firestoreConnect` HOC (manages mounting/unmounting)
1. [Manually](#manual) - Using `get`, or by setting listeners with `setListeners`/`setListener` (requires managing of listeners)

### Automatically with Hook {#useFirestoreConnect}

`useFirestoreConnect` is a React hook that manages attaching and detaching listeners for you as the component mounts and unmounts.

#### Examples
1. Basic query that will attach/detach as the component passed mounts/unmounts. In this case we are setting a listener for the `'todos'` collection:
   ```js
   import React from 'react'
   import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
   import { useFirestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
   
   export default function SomeComponent() {
     useFirestoreConnect([
       { collection: 'todos' } // or 'todos'
     ])
     const todos = useSelector((state) => state.firestore.ordered.todos)
   }
   ```

2. Props can be used as part of queries. In this case we will get a specific todo:

   ```js
   import React from 'react'
   import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
   import { useFirestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
   
   export default function SomeComponent({ todoId }) {
     useFirestoreConnect(() => [
       { collection: 'todos', doc: todoId } // or `todos/${props.todoId}`
     ])
     const todo = useSelector(
       ({ firestore: { data } }) => data.todos && data.todos[todoId]
     )
   }
   ```

### Automatically with HOC {#firestoreConnect}

`firestoreConnect` is a React Higher Order component that manages attaching and detaching listeners for you as the component mounts and unmounts. It is possible to roll a similar solution yourself, but can get complex when dealing with advanced situations (queries based on props, props changing, etc.)

#### Examples

1. Basic query that will attach/detach as the component passed mounts/unmounts. In this case we are setting a listener for the `'todos'` collection:
   
   ```js
   import { compose } from 'redux'
   import { connect } from 'react-redux'
   import { firestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
   
   export default compose(
     firestoreConnect(() => ['todos']), // or { collection: 'todos' }
     connect((state, props) => ({
       todos: state.firestore.ordered.todos
     }))
   )(SomeComponent)
   ```

2. Create a query based on props by passing a function. In this case we will get a specific todo:
   ```js
   import { compose } from 'redux'
   import { connect } from 'react-redux'
   import { firestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
   
   export default compose(
     firestoreConnect((props) => [
       { collection: 'todos', doc: props.todoId } // or `todos/${props.todoId}`
     ]),
     connect(({ firestore: { data } }, props) => ({
       todos: data.todos && data.todos[todoId]
     }))
   )(SomeComponent)
   ```

## Manual {#manual}

If you want to trigger a query based on a click or mange listeners yourself, you can use `setListener` or `setListeners`. When doing this, make sure you call `unsetListener` for each listener you set.

##### Component Class

```js
import React, { Component } from 'react'
import PropTypes from 'prop-types'
import { connect } from 'react-redux'

class Todos extends Component {
  static contextTypes = {
    store: PropTypes.object.isRequired
  }

  componentDidMount() {
    const { firebase } = this.context.store
    firebase.setListener('todos')
    // firebase.setListener({ collection: 'todos' }) // or object notation
  }

  componentDidUnmount() {
    const { firebase } = this.context.store
    firebase.unsetListener('todos')
    // firebase.unsetListener({ collection: 'todos' }) // or object notation
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        {todos.map((todo) => (
          <div key={todo.id}>{JSON.stringify(todo)}</div>
        ))}
      </div>
    )
  }
}

export default connect((state) => ({
  todos: state.firestore.ordered.todos
}))(Todos)
```

##### Functional Components

It is common to make react components "stateless" meaning that the component is just a function.

```js
import { compose } from 'redux'
import { withFirestore, isLoaded, isEmpty } from 'react-redux-firebase'

const Todos = ({ firestore, todos }) => (
  <div>
    <button onClick={() => firestore.get('todos')}>Get Todos</button>
    {
      !isLoaded(todos)
        ? 'Loading'
        : isEmpty(todos)
          ? 'Todo list is empty'
          : todos.map((todo) =>
              <TodoItem key={todo.id} todo={todo} />
            )
    }
  <div>
)

export default compose(
  withFirestore,
  connect((state) => ({
    todos: state.firestore.ordered.todos
  }))
)(Todos)
```

This can be useful, but then can limit usage of lifecycle hooks and other features of Component Classes.

[`recompose` helps solve this](https://github.com/acdlite/recompose/blob/master/docs/API.md) by providing Higher Order Component functions such as `lifecycle`, and `withHandlers`.

```js
import { connect } from 'react-redux'
import { withFirestore } from 'react-redux-firebase'
import { compose, withHandlers, lifecycle } from 'recompose'

const enhance = compose(
  withFirestore, // add firestore to props
  withHandlers({
    loadData: (props) => (path) => props.firestore.get(path)
  }),
  lifecycle({
    componentDidMount() {
      this.props.loadData('todos')
      // this.props.firestore.get('todos') // equivalent without withHandlers
    }
  }),
  connect((state) => ({
    todos: state.firestore.ordered.todos
  }))
)

export default enhance(SomeComponent)
```

For more information [on using recompose visit the docs](https://github.com/acdlite/recompose/blob/master/docs/API.md)

### storeAs {#storeAs}

By default the results of queries are stored in redux under the path of the query. If you would like to change where the query results are stored in redux, use `storeAs`.

#### Examples

1. Querying the same path with different query parameters
   ```js
   import { compose } from 'redux'
   import { connect } from 'react-redux'
   import { firestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
   const myProjectsReduxName = 'myProjects'
   
   compose(
     firestoreConnect((props) => [
       { collection: 'projects' },
       {
         collection: 'projects',
         where: ['uid', '==', '123'],
         storeAs: myProjectsReduxName
       }
     ]),
     connect((state, props) => ({
       projects: state.firestore.data.projects,
       myProjects: state.firestore.data[myProjectsReduxName] // use storeAs path to    gather from redux
     }))
   )
   ```

2. Set `useFirestoreConnect` for subcollections documents. For example, in Cloud Firestore you might have a message structure such as:
   
    `chatMessages (collection) / chatID (document) / messages (collection) / messageID (document)`

   You cannot write the path in `useFirestoreConnect` like:

   ```js
   useFirestoreConnect(`chatMessages/${chatID}/messages`)
   ```

   This will lead to the error:

    `Queries with subcollections must use "storeAs" to prevent invalid store updates. This closley matches the upcoming major release (v1), which stores subcollections at the top level by default.`

   **Solution**:

   Use `subcollections` for `messages` and `storeAs`.
   
   ```js
   import { useFirestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
     useFirestoreConnect([
       {
         collection: 'chatMessages',
         doc: chatID,
         subcollections: [{ collection: 'messages' }],
         storeAs: 'myMessages'
       }
     ])
   ```

## Populate {#populate}

Populate is supported for Firestore as of [v0.6.0 of redux-firestore](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore/releases/tag/v0.6.0). It was added [as part of issue #48](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore/issues/48).

Commit message:

chore(docs): link to Query Options in firestore section (#980) - @gregfenton

docs/firestore.md, after:

# Firestore

The Firestore integration is built on [`redux-firestore`](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore). Auth, Storage, and RTDB interactions still occur within `react-redux-firebase`, while `redux-firestore` handles attaching listeners and updating state for Firestore.

To begin using Firestore with `react-redux-firebase`, make sure you have the following:

- `v2.0.0` or higher of `react-redux-firebase`
- Install `redux-firestore` in your project using `npm i --save redux-firestore@latest`
- `firestore` imported with `import 'firebase/firestore'`
- `firestore` initialize with `firebase.firestore()`
- `ReactReduxFirebaseProvider` or `ReduxFirestoreProvider` used to make instance available to HOCs
- `firestoreReducer` added to your reducers

Should look something similar to:

```js
import React from 'react'
import { render } from 'react-dom'
import { Provider } from 'react-redux'
import firebase from 'firebase/app'
import 'firebase/auth'
import 'firebase/firestore' // <- needed if using firestore
import { createStore, combineReducers, compose } from 'redux'
import {
  ReactReduxFirebaseProvider,
  firebaseReducer
} from 'react-redux-firebase'
import { createFirestoreInstance, firestoreReducer } from 'redux-firestore' // <- needed if using firestore

const firebaseConfig = {}

// react-redux-firebase config
const rrfConfig = {
  userProfile: 'users'
  // useFirestoreForProfile: true // Firestore for Profile instead of Realtime DB
}

// Initialize firebase instance
firebase.initializeApp(firebaseConfig)

// Initialize other services on firebase instance
firebase.firestore() // <- needed if using firestore

// Add firebase to reducers
const rootReducer = combineReducers({
  firebase: firebaseReducer,
  firestore: firestoreReducer // <- needed if using firestore
})

// Create store with reducers and initial state
const initialState = {}
const store = createStore(rootReducer, initialState)

const rrfProps = {
  firebase,
  config: rrfConfig,
  dispatch: store.dispatch,
  createFirestoreInstance // <- needed if using firestore
}

// Setup react-redux so that connect HOC can be used
function App() {
  return (
    <Provider store={store}>
      <ReactReduxFirebaseProvider {...rrfProps}>
        <Todos />
      </ReactReduxFirebaseProvider>
    </Provider>
  )
}

render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'))
```

## Profile

If you would like to have your users profiles go to Firestore instead of Real Time Database, you can enable the
`useFirestoreForProfile` option when making store creator like so:

```js
// react-redux-firebase config
const rrfConfig = {
  userProfile: 'users',
  useFirestoreForProfile: true // Firestore for Profile instead of Realtime DB
}
```

## Queries

Firestore queries can be created in the following ways:

1. [Automatically with Hook](#useFirestoreConnect) - Using `useFirestoreConnect` hook (manages mounting/unmounting)
1. [Automatically with HOC](#firestoreConnect) - Using `firestoreConnect` HOC (manages mounting/unmounting)
1. [Manually](#manual) - Using `get`, or by setting listeners with `setListeners`/`setListener` (requires managing of listeners)

See the [redux-firestore API](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore#api) for an understanding of [query options](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore#query-options) such as [`where`](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore#where), [`orderBy`](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore#orderby) and [`limit`](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore#limit).

### Automatically with Hook {#useFirestoreConnect}

`useFirestoreConnect` is a React hook that manages attaching and detaching listeners for you as the component mounts and unmounts.

#### Examples
1. Basic query that will attach/detach as the component passed mounts/unmounts. In this case we are setting a listener for the `'todos'` collection:
   ```js
   import React from 'react'
   import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
   import { useFirestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
   
   export default function SomeComponent() {
     useFirestoreConnect([
       { collection: 'todos' } // or 'todos'
     ])
     const todos = useSelector((state) => state.firestore.ordered.todos)
   }
   ```

2. Props can be used as part of queries. In this case we will get a specific todo:

   ```js
   import React from 'react'
   import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
   import { useFirestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
   
   export default function SomeComponent({ todoId }) {
     useFirestoreConnect(() => [
       { collection: 'todos', doc: todoId } // or `todos/${props.todoId}`
     ])
     const todo = useSelector(
       ({ firestore: { data } }) => data.todos && data.todos[todoId]
     )
   }
   ```

### Automatically with HOC {#firestoreConnect}

`firestoreConnect` is a React Higher Order component that manages attaching and detaching listeners for you as the component mounts and unmounts. It is possible to roll a similar solution yourself, but can get complex when dealing with advanced situations (queries based on props, props changing, etc.)

#### Examples

1. Basic query that will attach/detach as the component passed mounts/unmounts. In this case we are setting a listener for the `'todos'` collection:
   
   ```js
   import { compose } from 'redux'
   import { connect } from 'react-redux'
   import { firestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
   
   export default compose(
     firestoreConnect(() => ['todos']), // or { collection: 'todos' }
     connect((state, props) => ({
       todos: state.firestore.ordered.todos
     }))
   )(SomeComponent)
   ```

2. Create a query based on props by passing a function. In this case we will get a specific todo:
   ```js
   import { compose } from 'redux'
   import { connect } from 'react-redux'
   import { firestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
   
   export default compose(
     firestoreConnect((props) => [
       { collection: 'todos', doc: props.todoId } // or `todos/${props.todoId}`
     ]),
     connect(({ firestore: { data } }, props) => ({
       todos: data.todos && data.todos[todoId]
     }))
   )(SomeComponent)
   ```

## Manual {#manual}

If you want to trigger a query based on a click or mange listeners yourself, you can use `setListener` or `setListeners`. When doing this, make sure you call `unsetListener` for each listener you set.

##### Component Class

```js
import React, { Component } from 'react'
import PropTypes from 'prop-types'
import { connect } from 'react-redux'

class Todos extends Component {
  static contextTypes = {
    store: PropTypes.object.isRequired
  }

  componentDidMount() {
    const { firebase } = this.context.store
    firebase.setListener('todos')
    // firebase.setListener({ collection: 'todos' }) // or object notation
  }

  componentDidUnmount() {
    const { firebase } = this.context.store
    firebase.unsetListener('todos')
    // firebase.unsetListener({ collection: 'todos' }) // or object notation
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        {todos.map((todo) => (
          <div key={todo.id}>{JSON.stringify(todo)}</div>
        ))}
      </div>
    )
  }
}

export default connect((state) => ({
  todos: state.firestore.ordered.todos
}))(Todos)
```

##### Functional Components

It is common to make react components "stateless" meaning that the component is just a function.

```js
import { compose } from 'redux'
import { withFirestore, isLoaded, isEmpty } from 'react-redux-firebase'

const Todos = ({ firestore, todos }) => (
  <div>
    <button onClick={() => firestore.get('todos')}>Get Todos</button>
    {
      !isLoaded(todos)
        ? 'Loading'
        : isEmpty(todos)
          ? 'Todo list is empty'
          : todos.map((todo) =>
              <TodoItem key={todo.id} todo={todo} />
            )
    }
  <div>
)

export default compose(
  withFirestore,
  connect((state) => ({
    todos: state.firestore.ordered.todos
  }))
)(Todos)
```

This can be useful, but then can limit usage of lifecycle hooks and other features of Component Classes.

[`recompose` helps solve this](https://github.com/acdlite/recompose/blob/master/docs/API.md) by providing Higher Order Component functions such as `lifecycle`, and `withHandlers`.

```js
import { connect } from 'react-redux'
import { withFirestore } from 'react-redux-firebase'
import { compose, withHandlers, lifecycle } from 'recompose'

const enhance = compose(
  withFirestore, // add firestore to props
  withHandlers({
    loadData: (props) => (path) => props.firestore.get(path)
  }),
  lifecycle({
    componentDidMount() {
      this.props.loadData('todos')
      // this.props.firestore.get('todos') // equivalent without withHandlers
    }
  }),
  connect((state) => ({
    todos: state.firestore.ordered.todos
  }))
)

export default enhance(SomeComponent)
```

For more information [on using recompose visit the docs](https://github.com/acdlite/recompose/blob/master/docs/API.md)

### storeAs {#storeAs}

By default the results of queries are stored in redux under the path of the query. If you would like to change where the query results are stored in redux, use `storeAs`.

#### Examples

1. Querying the same path with different query parameters
   ```js
   import { compose } from 'redux'
   import { connect } from 'react-redux'
   import { firestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
   const myProjectsReduxName = 'myProjects'
   
   compose(
     firestoreConnect((props) => [
       { collection: 'projects' },
       {
         collection: 'projects',
         where: ['uid', '==', '123'],
         storeAs: myProjectsReduxName
       }
     ]),
     connect((state, props) => ({
       projects: state.firestore.data.projects,
       myProjects: state.firestore.data[myProjectsReduxName] // use storeAs path to    gather from redux
     }))
   )
   ```

2. Set `useFirestoreConnect` for subcollections documents. For example, in Cloud Firestore you might have a message structure such as:
   
    `chatMessages (collection) / chatID (document) / messages (collection) / messageID (document)`

   You cannot write the path in `useFirestoreConnect` like:

   ```js
   useFirestoreConnect(`chatMessages/${chatID}/messages`)
   ```

   This will lead to the error:

    `Queries with subcollections must use "storeAs" to prevent invalid store updates. This closley matches the upcoming major release (v1), which stores subcollections at the top level by default.`

   **Solution**:

   Use `subcollections` for `messages` and `storeAs`.
   
   ```js
   import { useFirestoreConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
     useFirestoreConnect([
       {
         collection: 'chatMessages',
         doc: chatID,
         subcollections: [{ collection: 'messages' }],
         storeAs: 'myMessages'
       }
     ])
   ```

## Populate {#populate}

Populate is supported for Firestore as of [v0.6.0 of redux-firestore](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore/releases/tag/v0.6.0). It was added [as part of issue #48](https://github.com/prescottprue/redux-firestore/issues/48).
